Explicacion tokens

TOKEN               PATRON                              COLOR

claves              palabra CLAVES                      azul             
registro            palabra REGISTROS                   azul
imprimir            palabra imprimir                    azul
imprimirln          palabra imprimirln                  azul
conteo              palabra conteo                      azul
promedio            palabra promedio                    azul
contarsi            palabra contarsi                    azul
datos               palabra datos                       azul
sumar               palabra sumar                       azul
maximo              palabra max                         azul
minimo              palabra min                         azul
reporte             palabra exportarReporte             azul

llavea              caracter llave que abre             rosado
llavec              caracter llave que cierra           rosado
corchetea	    caracter corchete que abre          rosado
corchetec	    caracter corchete que cierra   	rosado
parentesisa         caracter parentesis que abre        rosado
parentesisc         caracter parentesis que cierra      rosado
puntocoma           caracter punto y coma               rosado
coma                caracter coma                       rosado
igual		    caracter simbolo igual      	rosado


cadena              inicia y termina con "              verde
entero              secuencia de digitos                amarillo
decimal             secuencia de digitos con punto      amarillo
error               cualquier cosa no sea lenguaje      rojo  